Add Archive Trace button (#3018)
openzipkin/zipkin: zipkin-server/README.md

queryLimit | zipkin.ui.query-limit | Default limit for Find Traces. Defaults to 10.
instrumented | zipkin.ui.instrumented | Which sites this Zipkin UI covers. Regex syntax. e.g. `http:\/\/example.com\/.*` Defaults to match all websites (`.*`).
logsUrl | zipkin.ui.logs-url | Logs query service url pattern. If specified, a button will appear on the trace page and will replace {traceId} in the url by the traceId. Not required.

> archiveWriteUrl | zipkin.ui.archive-write-url | Url to archive the current trace. If specified, a button will appear on the trace page and will let you upload the current trace to the specified url. Not required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
archivePostUrl | zipkin.ui.archive-post-url | Url to POST the current trace in Zipkin v2 json format. e.g. 'https://longterm/api/v2/spans'. If specified, a button will appear on the trace page accordingly. Not required.
```

> archiveReadUrl | zipkin.ui.archive-read-url | Url to the archived trace. If specified, we will show it in the confirmation message after archiving a trace and replace {traceId} with the current traceId. Not required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
archiveUrl | zipkin.ui.archive-url | Url to a web application serving an archived trace, templated by '{traceId}'. e.g. https://longterm/zipkin/trace/{traceId}'. This is shown in a confirmation message after a trace is successfully POSTed to the `archivePostUrl`. Not required.
```

archiveUrl | zipkin.ui.archive-url | Url to a web application serving an archived trace, templated by '{traceId}'. e.g. https://longterm/zipkin/trace/{traceId}'. This is shown in a confirmation message after a trace is successfully POSTed to the `archivePostUrl`. Not required.
dependency.lowErrorRate | zipkin.ui.dependency.low-error-rate | The rate of error calls on a dependency link that turns it yellow. Defaults to 0.5 (50%) set to >1 to disable.
dependency.highErrorRate | zipkin.ui.dependency.high-error-rate | The rate of error calls on a dependency link that turns it red. Defaults to 0.75 (75%) set to >1 to disable.
basePath | zipkin.ui.basepath | path prefix placed into the <base> tag in the UI HTML; useful when running behind a reverse proxy. Default "/zipkin"

To map properties to environment variables, change them to upper-underscore case format. For
example, if using docker you can set `ZIPKIN_UI_QUERY_LIMIT=100` to affect `$.queryLimit` in `/config.json`.

> ### Trace archival

Reviewer: looks great
